hello to all my friends who are well again today
thanks in stages
we will prepare a very easy and soft one
Orange cake
first we will sink to 350 watts in
microwave the butter in the jug
micro plus and transfer it to one
bowl mix ice at this point
add two eggs 150 g of sugar
caster and then we will also add 4 tablespoons
of orange juice obtained
naturally squeezing oranges with
citrus tupper insignia and at the end
we will also combine a couple of tablespoons of
orange liqueur to give that touch
alcohol to our sweet we mix well
all with a technical whip and after
having obtained a homogeneous compound but
liquid we will combine the flour about 200 g of
flour already mixed with a teaspoon
of baking powder
of course remember to sift it
with size and spread tupper because vi
will solve and eliminate all the lumps
of the flour after obtaining a
soft and homogeneous mixture and we take
a round silicone mold and before
to pour the mixture into the mold
we pass our silicone under
cold water is a passage
fundamental because cold water
will shrink the pores of the silicone not
allowing the cake mixture to
clinging we pour our cake
raw in the silicone mold and then
let's cook in a microwave oven
and here is the magic
for five minutes at 650 watts
after five minutes we would have a cake
very soft and perfectly cooked for
accompany the cake we will unite
we will use an orange frosting
very simple and very transparent now
I'll explain how to prepare it first
we take about 5 or 6 tablespoons of juice
of orange a couple of spoons here too
of orange liqueur and then we combine
of icing sugar
by eye until you get a glaze
quite dense
but it's not over we cook it
thanks to the micro plus pitcher for two
minutes and a half also 350 watts in
microwave oven
after a few minutes we would have a frosting
very dense transparent that will rise
just as an accompaniment to ours
cake we churn out the cake from the mold in
round silicone
I recommend letting the air pass
so that the cake comes off without it
problems and put it on url on the base
of the twister tupperware tray that serves
also as a serving dish
cut a nice slice of cake the
we implant and look at it with our own
orange icing and good appetite